A Guide To Your General Liability Policy
© Hiscox Inc. 2010 Page 1
The following is a guide to your General Liability policy. We have identified several key coverage items along with the limits and
deductibles you have selected. To make it easier, we have also added a brief explanation of those items.
We want you to feel confident about your new policy. If any of the information below is incorrect or if you have any questions,
please contact one of our advisors at ${contactPhoneNumber} (Mon-Fri, 8am-10pm EST) or manage your policy at: www.hiscox.com/
manage-your-policy.
Your business details
Name: ${firstName}
Business Name: ${lastName}
Address: ${address}
City: ${ciy}
State: ${state}
Zip code: ${zipcode}
Occupation: ${occupation}
Telephone number: ${telephone}
Email address: ${emailAddress}
Your General Liability Policy
Policy number: ${policyNumber}
Policy effective dates:
This determines the time period during which your coverage applies.
From:
To:
${from}
${to}
Form of business:
This identifies the legal structure of your business and determines who is
insured under your policy.
Sole Proprietor
Business Property and Equipment Coverage: ${businessPropertyAndEqCoverage}
Optional terrorism coverage: ${optionalTerrorismCoverage}
Total cost of policy: ${totalCostOfPolicy}
Your coverage and limits
Each occurrence limit
The most we will pay for all damages due to bodily injury and property
damage, and medical expenses that arise out of any one occurrence.
Defense costs we incur, in the defense of a lawsuit filed against you, will not
reduce this limit.
${maintenncelimit}
© Hiscox Inc. 2010 Page 2
General aggregate limit
The most we will pay for all damages and medical expenses for the entire
policy. Defense costs we incur, in the defense of a lawsuit filed against you,
will not reduce this limit.
${maxPayForDamgesMedicalExpenses}
Damage to premises rented to you
The most we will pay for damages, for which you are liable, to any one
premises that is rented to you. This may include office space, conference
rooms or training facilities, but does not include your primary residence if
you are a home-based business.
${maxPayForLiable} any one premises
Your limits for this Business Property and Equipment Coverage
The most we will pay (per occurrence) for loss or damage to your business
equipment and property (e.g. computers, furniture) at the listed premise(s).
$ 2,000
Medical expenses
The most we will pay for all medical expenses sustained by any one person.
$ 5,000 any one person
Personal and advertising injury limit
The most we will pay for all personal and advertising injury(e.g., libel,
slander) sustained by any one person or organization.
$ 500,000 any one person or
organization
Electronic data liability
The most we will pay (per occurrence) for damages that arise out of the loss
of electronic data that result from damage to tangible property.
${maxDamagePay} per occurence
Deductible for General Liability Coverage
However, a $1,000 per occurrence deductible does apply to properties
managed by you, premises listed by you or shown by you for sale or rental.
No deductible
Deductible for Business Property and Equipment Coverage
The amount you must pay for business property and equipment losses
covered under the policy before the policy makes any payments.
$ 25,000
Other policy information
Notice of claim
If you have a claim, please call us at ${phoneNumberForClaim}. You may also e-mail us at reportaclaim@hiscox.com
What does my General Liability Policy cover?
For a summary showing examples of what you are and are not covered for, please read the Coverage Summary
document.
This guide does not modify the terms and conditions of your policy, which are contained in your policy documents,
nor does it imply any claim is covered or not covered. We recommend that you read your policy documents to learn
the details of your coverage.






Reinventing Small Business Insurance®

General Liability Coverage Summary


We want you to understand the Hiscox General Liability coverage. This summary explains the main areas of
coverage and exclusions.

If you have any questions about your coverage, please contact one of our advisors at 888-202-3007 (Mon-Fri,
8am-10pm EST). Or, you can manage your policy by visiting https://www.hiscox.com/manage-your-policy.


This policy does cover
Bodily injury or property damage
To the extent you are legally liable, we cover damages and claims expenses if you injure a third-party or
damage someone else’s property.  However, damage to premises you rent is only covered if caused by fire or if
the premises is rented to you for a period of 7 or fewer consecutive days.

Medical payments
We will make medical payments as a result of bodily injury that occurs in the course of your business operations,
regardless of fault.

Defense costs
If you’re sued, even if you’re not at fault, we will appoint an attorney to defend you, even if the lawsuit is
groundless. We will pay these defense costs on your behalf.

Personal and advertising injury
We cover claims of libel and slander that are not part of your professional services. We also protect you if your
advertisement unintentionally uses a third party’s advertising idea or infringes upon another’s copyright. We do not
provide this coverage to marketing or PR professionals, research consultants, graphic designers, lawyers, recruiters,
real estate agents/brokers or property managers.

Electronic data liability
Specifically added for consultants and technology service providers, Hiscox covers your liability for damage to
someone’s electronic data resulting from the physical damage of property. We provide up to $25,000
of coverage.

Worldwide insurance coverage
We cover damage that occurs in the United States, its territories and Canada. We also offer some coverage for
instances outside these areas while you’re away on short periods of travel.

Employees or temporary staff
Hiscox will cover claims arising from your employees’ or temporary staff’s actions if they were performed on behalf
of your business.

Supplemental payments
Your Hiscox policy covers the following expenses, should they be incurred, without reducing your limit of liability:
   All expenses we incur, including the defense of lawsuits
   Up to $250 a day for reasonable expenses (including loss of earnings) you incur as a result of assisting
us in the defense of a claim or lawsuit
   Interest on damage awards


Business personal property
We cover loss or damage to your business personal property (e.g., computers, printers, tablets, and office
furniture) on premises. We also provide up to $2,500 in coverage for property off-premises, such as laptops,
mobile phones, tools and other equipment.
This policy does not cover
Intent to injure
We won’t cover you for any act that occurs with the intent to injure. This includes personal and advertising
injuries if you knew your actions were false or violated the rights of others.

Outside the policy period
We won’t cover claims for bodily injury, property damage, or personal and advertising injury that do not
occur during the policy period.

Known claims and circumstances
We won’t cover your business for any claim or circumstance that could result in a claim you knew about prior to
the start of your first Hiscox policy.

Personally identifiable information
We won’t cover your failure to protect any personally identifiable information that is in your care.

Professional services
We won’t cover any professional services performed by you. These types of risks may be covered as part of
our Professional Liability Policy.

Vehicles and boats
We won’t cover any claims arising out of the ownership or use of an automobile or a watercraft.

Workers’ compensation
We won’t cover any obligation you may have under a workers’ compensation claim or similar law.

Personal and advertising injury
We don’t provide this coverage to marketing or PR professionals, research consultants, graphic designers,
lawyers, recruiters, real estate agents/brokers or property managers. However, this coverage is available as
part of our Professional Liability Policy.

Common claims examples
Bodily injury — A client falls over your bag and you are legally liable for the injury. We will cover the
subsequent claim and related medical expenses up to your limits of liability.
Property damage and data loss — You spill coffee on a client’s server causing damage and loss of data.
We will cover the subsequent claim up to your limits of liability.
Personal injury — One of your employees is at lunch. He talks to the owner of the shop about one of your
clients in a false and unflattering way. The client learns of this discussion and sues for slander. We will cover the
subsequent claim, up to your limits of liability, and pay for an attorney to defend you if necessary.

Coverage summaries, descriptions, and claims examples are provided for illustrative purposes only and are
subject to the applicable policy limits, deductibles, exclusions, terms, and conditions. Not all insurance products
and services are available in all states. Hiscox recommends you read the policy documents to learn the full
details of coverage.

Underwritten by Hiscox Insurance Company Inc., 104 South Michigan Avenue, Suite 600, Chicago, IL 60603, as administered by Hiscox Inc.,
a licensed insurance provider in all states and DC.